---
layout: post
title: Chapter 1 - Walk into a bar and everyone you know is dead, and your kids too
---
- Our Heroes start off traveling to a lavish performance tavern to watch the prestigious performer Laka. One of the best bards in the land playing most of the bands instruments by herself.
(Backstory Time)
    - The luxurious tavern known as the Angels Grace is painted a beautiful white with gold trimming To the right are some stables with horses and coaches. Each of the windows have a small arrangement of the most exotic and rare flowers from each of the major factions homeland. From the high north representing the dwarven kingdom are the golden ice flowers. Just south of the dawrven kingdom representing the orcish races are the blood red flowers. To the right of the orcish kingdom lies the Aarakocra kingdom with the tall thorny flowers that grow a single petal. Below the orkish kingdom lie the wood elf kindom represented by the wide jade flowers. To the right of the wood elves representing the High Elvish kingdom the ocean blue flowers with elongated petals. To the right of the High elvish kingdom lay the Drow Kingdom represented by the small but many purple flowers. Below the Drow and the High Elvish Kindom lay the Human Kingdom represented by the gray flowers. In the deep south lay the Dragon Born Kingdom represented by the orange flowers that are hot to the touch. To the south and east of the Dragon Born the Marilith kingdom is represented by the flowers that have 3 flowers to a stem. Finally representing the Tiefling Kingdom which lies off the shore of the main continent are brown and golden flowers that are constantly leaking sap.  
-  However when the friends enter the tavern they come to find that it is a complete mess and that a fight has broken out. This is completely out of place for this tavern as it is extremely luxurious. As the adventures walk in the one of the drow turn twoards the door astonished and yells for the others to hurry up.
    - The group kills the drows but not before one of them kills himself. He Glows yellow / golden seeming to ignore all the attacks while holding a dagger. Eventually after his drow companions are dead he then stabs himself in the jaw piercing his lower jaw going into his skull. After he does this in a blood curdling voice says " heh....you're trapped here, you will never leave until you accept your death. I shall live in the glory of the master ti......" .
- The Tavern itself looks nothing like how it was talked about and seems to be a shell of its former self. There is a thin layer of dust on the ground, mixed in with the blood of the humans and drow.
- Our heroes find two ornate daggers. The daggers have an ivory handle with the end being a mammoth skull carved into the end of the handle. They can tell that the mammoth skull is a common symbol from the Marilith.
- There are four rooms branching off the main hall each closed off with a door, one is clearly for the bar keeps which is located in west of the main hall, the others are to the east.
    - Our heroes explore the eastern hall to find the theater room which has some kind of figure on it. Upon further inspection they can see that the alter has no face and appears to be of a woman. The hand slowly moves and is extended out twords the closest member. Griftus smears blood on the alter from the last battle. The bloody hand grabs a smaller stone version of the dagger and stabs the runes on the alter. The blood rushes off from the dagger into the runes and then explodes outwardly. A blinding yellow / golden light fills the room. When our heroes can see the hand is extended and has a scroll on it. When they take the scroll the hand is still extended.
    - Our heroes then explore the bar keep area finding tons and tons of alcohol much to the excitement  of Juan. Click Clank is searching the key rack and on the ground finds one small key. The friends then find a small cellar with a barrel of wine which they decide is a good idea to take with them.
- Our Friends then decide to go up stairs to find even more dust which Griftus then flaps around with his wings. The East facing wall has two open doorways that lead to the balcony overlooking the main stage. On the east wall there are two armor sets overlooking the table. There is a spiral staircase going upwards to the third floor.
    - The armor thanks to the Knowledgeable mind of Click Clank is Identified to be for a marilith and a aasimar.
        - The armor for the aasimar depicts the emblem of the knight's of the wolves. The knights of the wolves were the aasimar knights that fought with the forces of Soliron. These knights would be in the trees and dive onto the forces marching into the human and high elf kingdoms.
        - The armor for the marilith depicts the marilith house of gundark. These forces were the marilith forces that crushed the dragon born rebellion after the great Continental war.
    - Click Clank then attaches the Knight of the Wolves armor to himself. Juan takes some of the remaining armor and uses it to give him some more defense.
    - Our heroes make the way twords the balcony. The balcony overlooks the main stage with a clear view of the alter. The statue on the alter has its hand extended twords the closest part member. Griftus then takes a swig of wine and spits it on the alter. The alter does not react, so he flys down to the first floor and grabs a head from one of the drows. He then squeezes it until blood pours onto the hand. The same ritualistic thing happens and Click Clank and Griftus are temporarily blinded. Juan who was in the other room can see the balcony area glow yellow / golden and then red. Griftus flies down and picks up another scroll for Click Clank.
- Amiss for what to do next our heroes then go back down to the first floor to try to escape angels grace inn. Click Clank rushes the door having it give a little but then quickly closing back on him. Juan then donkey kicks the door, Click Clank can see white ground with the sky pitch black, and small white dots moving quickly across the horizon. Juan feels slightly chilly.
- Our heroes then move up onto the third floor. The third floor is coated in a thick layer of dust. They see hallways that connect to multiple rooms that are about the same length except for the one running the entire length of the south wall.
    - While the others explore the room click clank then goes into the large room, unlocking it with they key he found. The master sweet is ornately decorated with golden inlays on all of the wooden furniture. The walls are lined with posters of performers and actors. The king sized bed with a canopy obscuring the view of the bed. A night stand with an oil lamp is by the bedside. A closet flush with the wall reveals a closet. Exploring the master sweet they find a safe that takes a 3 number combination and a key. The key that Click Clank found fits perfectly and after some detective work from finding notes in multiple closets the safe opens up with the combination 169.
    - Within the safe our heroes find a vial with blood red liquid inside it, with golden leaves lining the vial. The vial has no magic so our heroes decide that it is safe to drink. All three drink the vial finding that it is the most foul taste that they have ever tasted. Click Clank cant actual drink the vial so some of the liquid spills onto the floor.
- The friends then head back down to the first floor and tword the alter. They poor some of the vial onto the alter to no effect at all. They then gather some blood, perform the ritual again to get Juan a scroll. Click Clank can tell that this is some sort of location magic and reads the scroll. He is then teleported back to the alter.
- With no clear goal in sight our heroes approach the door. The door suddenly bursts open. Click Clank dodges out of the way but Juan is hit with the door. A Tiefling and an Aarakocra then walk through the door. When they walk through the door the Tiefling is perplexed as to the situation in front of her. After some dialog our heroes find out the Tiefling's name is Yhana and the Aarakocra's name is Tyton.
Yhana is extremely upset and angry because she knows that our heroes have the vial. Tyton tries to be behing Yhana at all times, leaving him to Juan's advances. After some more heated exchange of words we learn that the Knight's of the wolves are reformed, and Yhana thinks that Click Clank is Griftus' bodyguard. After more heated words Yhana is quickly loosing her patience. After Tyton points out that the vial is not full, it is revealed that our heroes have drunken some of the liquid. Yhana then just bursts out into laughter revealing that it is a vial of poison. In exchange for the vial Tyton heals the adventures and Yhana get the vial. Then our heroes find out that Uramar has not been at peace for at least 200 years. Yhana and Tyton then find out that Click Clank is animated armor provoking Tyton to read Click Clanks mind. Tyton then says the Drow have found "it", prompting Tyton and Yhana to leave but not before telling our adventurers to head north. Yhana and Tyton then proceed north as our adventures are left looking at a cold snowy night 200 years in the future.
